Revise `readme.txt` for new version (#323)
10up/plugin-check: readme.txt

=== Plugin Check ===

Contributors:      wordpressdotorg
Requires at least: 6.3
Tested up to:      6.4
Requires PHP:      7.0
Stable tag:        n.e.x.t
License:           GPLv2 or later
License URI:       https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
Tags:              plugin best practices, testing, accessibility, performance, security

> Plugin Check is a WordPress.org tool which provides checks to help plugins to meet the directory requirements and follow various best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugin Check is a WordPress.org tool which provides checks to help plugins meet the directory requirements and follow various best practices.
```

== Description ==

> The Plugin Check is an easy way of testing your plugin and ensure that it's up to the required standards for the WordPress.org plugin directory. With this plugin you will be able to run most of the checks used for new submissions, and check if your plugin meets the requirements.

Reviewer: I tend to avoid sentences like "easy" or "just do..." as it is subjective to the person trying to use the tool and can make tools seem less inclusive to folks who don't have all of the context needed to use the tool as designed.

```suggestion
Plugin Check is tool for testing whether a plugin meets the required standards for the WordPress.org plugin directory. With this plugin you will be able to run most of the checks used for new submissions, and check if your plugin meets the requirements.
```

All development for this plugin is handled via [GitHub](https://github.com/WordPress/plugin-check/) any issues or pull requests should be posted there.

= What if the plugin reports something that's correct as an "error" or "warning"? =

We strive to write a plugin in a way that minimizes false positives but if you find one, please report it in the GitHub repo. For certain false positives, such as those detected by PHPCodeSniffer, you may be able to annotate the code to ignore the specific problem for a specific line.

= Why does it flag something as bad? =

> It's not flagging "bad" things, as such. The plugin check is designed to be a non-perfect way to test for compliance with the [Plugin Review guidelines](https://make.wordpress.org/plugins/handbook/performing-reviews/review-checklist/), as well as additional plugin development best practices in accessibility, performance, security and other areas. Not all plugins must adhere to these guidelines. The purpose of the checking tool is to ensure that plugins uploaded to the [central WordPress.org plugin repository](https://wordpress.org/plugins/) meet the latest standards of WordPress plugin and will work on a wide variety of sites.

Reviewer: Let's be consistent in how we're referring to the tool. Is it "The Plugin Check", "Plugin Check", or something else? It should probably always be capitalized as a proper noun.

```suggestion
It's not flagging "bad" things, as such. Plugin Check is designed to be a non-perfect way to test for compliance with the [Plugin Review guidelines](https://make.wordpress.org/plugins/handbook/performing-reviews/review-checklist/), as well as additional plugin development best practices in accessibility, performance, security and other areas. Not all plugins must adhere to these guidelines. The purpose of the checking tool is to ensure that plugins uploaded to the [central WordPress.org plugin repository](https://wordpress.org/plugins/) meet the latest standards of WordPress plugin and will work on a wide variety of sites.
```
